{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Main Navigation:
\f1\b0 \
1. Food delivery (Section 1)\
2. How it works (Section 3)\
3. Our cities (Section 4)\
4. Sign up (Section 6)\

\f0\b \
Section 0: Header with hero image and navigation
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title: None
\f1\b0 \
\
Goodbye junk food. Hello super healthy meals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-340\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Button 1:\'a0I\'92m hungry (go down to sign up section)\
Button 2: Show me more (go down to next section)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\

\f0\b Section 1: Features
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title: Get food fast \'97 not fast food.
\f1\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
We don't limit your creativity, which means you can order whatever you feel like. You can also choose from our menu containing over 100 delicious meals. It's up to you!\
\
\

\f0\b Section 2:\'a0Favourite meals
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title: None
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Korean bibimbap\'a0with egg and vegetables\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Simple italian pizza with cherry tomatoes\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chicken breast steak with vegetables\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Autumn pumpkin soup\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Paleo beef steak with vegetables\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Healthy baguette with egg and vegetables\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Burger with cheddar and bacon\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Granola with cherries and strawberries\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
(see image\'a0numbers\'a0in the assets folder)\
\

\f0\b Section 3: How it works
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title:
\f1\b0  
\f0\b How it works - Simple as 1, 2, 3
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Choose the subscription plan that best fits your needs and sign up today.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Order your delicious meal using our mobile app or website. Or you can even call us!\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enjoy your meal after less than 20 minutes. See you the next time!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\

\f0\b Section 4: Cities
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title: We're currently in these cities\

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Lisbon
\f1\b0 \
1600+ happy eaters\
60+ top chefs\
@omnifood_lx\
\

\f0\b San Francisco
\f1\b0 \
3700+ happy eaters\
160+ top chefs\
@omnifood_sf\
\

\f0\b Berlin
\f1\b0 \
2300+ happy eaters\
110+ top chefs\
@omnifood_berlin\
\

\f0\b London
\f1\b0 \
1200+ happy eaters\
50+ top chefs\
@omnifood_london\
\
\

\f0\b Section 5: Customer testimonials
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title:
\f1\b0  
\f0\b Our customers can't live without us
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b \

\f1\b0 Omnifood is just awesome! I just launched a startup which leaves me with no time for cooking, so Omnifood is a life-saver. Now that I got used to it, I couldn't live without my daily meals!\
(Alberto Duncan)\
\
Inexpensive, healthy and great-tasting meals, delivered right to my home. We have lots of food delivery here in Lisbon, but no one comes even close to Omifood. Me and my family are so in love!\
(Joana Silva)\
\
I was looking for a quick and easy food delivery service in San Franciso. I tried a lot of them and ended up with Omnifood. Best food delivery service in the Bay Area. Keep up the great work!\
(Milton Chapman)\
\
\

\f0\b Section 6: Sign up and pricing plans
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title: Start\'a0eating\'a0healthy today
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b \
Plan 1: Premium
\f1\b0 \
399$ per month\
That\'92s only 13.30$ per meal\
1 meal every day\
Order 24/7\
Access to newest creations\
Free delivery\
\
\

\f0\b Plan 2: Pro
\f1\b0 \
149$ per month\
That\'92s only 14.90$ per meal\
1 meal 10 days/month\
Order 24/7\
Access to newest creations\
Free delivery\
\
\

\f0\b Plan 3: Starter
\f1\b0 \
19$ per meal\
1 meal\
Order from 8 am to 12 pm\
Free delivery\
\

\f0\b Section 7: Contact form
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title: We're happy to hear from you
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Fields\'a0to include:
\f1\i0 \
Name\
Email\
How did you find us?\
Newsletter\
Drop us a line\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Section 8: Footer
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Title: None
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 Navigation:
\f1\i0 \
1. About us\
2. Blog\
3. Press\
4. iOS App\
5.\'a0Android App\
\
Also include links to facebook, twitter, google+ and Instagram accounts.\
}